[♪♪♪]
ANNOUNCER:
This is the story of two sisters:
Jessica Tate and Mary Campbell.
Jessica lives in a neighbourhood
known as rich.
Jessica likes life.
The only thing about life
she would change, if she could,
is that she would
set it all to music.
The Tates have more secrets
than they do money.
We're approaching
Mary Campbell's house.
Mary, too, likes life.
Unfortunately, life doesn't seem
to be too crazy about her.
As you can see, the Campbells
don't have nearly as much money
as the Tates.
They do, however,
have as many secrets.
In last week's episode of Soap,
Jessica convinced herself
that Chester's infidelity,
and all the bad things that have
befallen the Tates and the Campbells,
are a result of a curse.
But even though they're cursed,
she's still not too thrilled with Chester.
The Godfather
came looking for Danny,
but Danny was dressed as a rabbi.
And instead of getting killed,
Danny got a contribution.
Burt, who came away from Dr. Medlow
thinking he could, couldn't,
because Mary,
upset over the day's events, wouldn't.
Dennis told Jodie there was no need
for a sex-change operation
because he's decided
to marry a girl.
On hearing the news, Jodie swallowed
the contents of the pill cart
for the entire west wing
of University Hospital.
Confused? You won't be
after this week's episode of Soap.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[SINGING
"I'M IN THE MOOD FOR LOVE"]
I'm not too crazy
about that body.
Not too crazy about
that face either, husband.
Oh, boy, after six months,
this is what you've got
to look forward to.
Well, that's too bright,
of course.
I mean, who could look good
in this light?
Right there.
It's too dark.
We'd never find each other.
All right. There, I think.
Good. Good.
Well, she could do worse.
How about a little music, here?
[MUSIC PLAYS ON RADIO]
No, forget it. With my luck,
she'd wanna dance.
Okay.
Whew!
Oh, God, what if I can't?
[SINGING
"I'M IN THE MOOD FOR LOVE"]
Perfect.
Oh, God, what if he can't?
I'll feel like an idiot going out there
dressed like Mae West.
No, I'll go out looking normal.
These feathers will terrify him.
And if I look too magnificent,
he might be overwhelmed.
I'll go out very nonchalant,
like I was expecting nothing.
Maybe I'll carry a book.
So it's got a few feathers.
So what?
Plenty of people go
to sleep like this.
Sure they do.
In Vegas, for $100 a night.
Hi.
That new?
Oh, no. I've had it for years.
Oh, well, it's terrific.
It's... It's just polyester.
I mean, it's not silk, or anything.
Actually, I bought it on sale.
You're so beautiful.
Burt.
Mary.
Oh, God. I was a nervous wreck.
I lied. It's brand-new.
I bought it this morning.
[THUMPING]
What was that noise?
That was my heart.
Burt, I heard something.
It, uh... It was the house settling.
Don't worry.
Look. Go look. I'll be nervous.
Don't move.
And don't... Don't... Don't...
Don't fall asleep.
I'll be right back.
Don't even close your eyes.
Danny, Danny, Danny,
what a night you picked to visit.
Hey, come on. Wait a minute.
It's not that I'm not happy to see you.
I am. I love you.
Good to see you, Danny.
Uh, Danny, you see, uh,
your mother and I were upstairs
and we were just gonna...
You know?
You know what I mean?
Hey, it's okay. We got all night.
And maybe we can take
all day tomorrow off.
Hey, Mary, Mary,
look who's here. It's Danny.
Come on, what's the matter with you?
Take that thing off. You're in the house.
Look who's here.
Danny. Ha-ha-ha.
Danny. Mm.
You look so funny. Take that thing off.
He won't. Tell him.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Wait a minute.
MARY: You put on a little weight, huh?
All right, listen, fella. Forget it.
But listen...
Hey, Aladdin, forget it.
The house is not for sale.
Listen to me...
Hey, Omar, what is it with you guys?
You got yourself a little oil, right?
You get a little crazy.
You and the Japanese are
taking over the whole country.
Next thing you know,
we'll all be eating with chopsticks
and riding camels.
Get out.
Burt. It's me.
Who?
Danny.
No.
Yes.
We already got a Danny.
Burt.
Then who's he?
Hi.
BURT:
Danny. Wait.
Come on, Danny, Danny,
get his mask off.
All right.
Ow! I'll do it.
Come on. What's the idea
of impersonating my son?
I'm not impersonating your son.
You come in here,
you hug me, you kiss Mary.
I didn't hug you.
You hugged me.
What are you doing here,
anyway, huh?
Robbing. What are you doing here,
looking for your tribe?
Come on, come on, come on,
what'd you take?
Nothing.
Come on.
I swear.
All right, I was gonna
take the television set.
But then I realised
that I don't have a car
and I couldn't just walk out of here
and get on the cross-town bus
carrying a 21-inch TV.
So... So I decided to leave.
And then I tripped
on the extension cord.
You keep forgetting to fix that.
It's dangerous.
I know, I could have broken my neck.
As it is, I think I sprained my ankle.
Mary, call the police.
Oh, Burt, he's a kid.
Mary, he's a robber.
Look, mister, this is my first time,
I swear, and my last.
I hate it. I hate it.
I'm a nervous wreck. You can't
believe how dry my mouth is,
you know, from nerves.
And look at this, look at this.
I'm shaking like a leaf.
Look at my hand.
[PHONE RINGS]
You watch him.
[IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
A person can't get a wink of sleep
around this house.
Oh! And this is nice.
You come in town to
get your camel shoed?
You folks circus people?
Yeah. Yes, it's...
When?
Um... Uh, yes. Yes. Yes.
Yeah, we'll be right there.
What is it?
It was the hospital.
Jodie tried to kill himself.
No. He...
It's okay. It's okay.
He's still alive, but we wanna
get down there right away.
Ma, Ma, he's gonna be okay.
Hey, look, I'm sorry.
If I had a car I'd drive you, but I...
You know, I could have stolen one
last night. A guy left his keys in it.
But I... I... I got a little nervous.
Just locking up for you.
[♪♪♪]
Hi.
Oh, Mr. and Mrs. Campbell.
They said they were bringing Jodie
back up here.
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, he's gonna be all right.
A couple of hours ago, I sneaked
down to intensive care, and I saw him.
I took along a mop
and made believe I was a janitor.
How was he?
He's gonna be fine, really.
Fine? Fine. How fine can he be?
He came here a guy
who wanted to be a girl,
decided he'd rather be a corpse.
I can't stand it.
Quiet.
Well, I have no resistance.
In the elevator alone,
I caught three fatal diseases.
Boys, shh, this is a hospital.
No. I thought it was a discotheque.
Hey, that's nice.
Live entertainment, here.
Oh, get me out of here.
Old sick people depress me.
Hey, hey, hey.
Knock it off.
I'm sorry, Mr. Gerber.
No, that's all right. Listen, he's right.
I am old and sick.
I just thank God
I'm not made of wood.
They're gonna bring him right up.
Oh, boy. This is some treat.
A hostile doll, and now an Arab.
I don't know who I love more, here.
Hey, how you doing?
Fine. Listen.
I think before you get too friendly,
you should know I'm Jewish.
Mr. Gerber, it's me.
Yes, I know you. Who are you?
I'm Danny.
That's not an Arab name.
I'm Jodie's brother, Danny.
Oh! That's it. Last time,
you were a girl nurse.
That's right.
Hey, it must take you a while
to get dressed in the morning.
BURT:
Ah!
Hi, Danny.
DANNY: Hey, Jodie.
Hi, Burt. Hi, Chuck.
Well, if at first
you don't succeed...
How do you feel?
All right.
I'm just a little tired, that's all.
Barney, that story you told me
really made me wanna live.
But I was just too sleepy
to tell you.
BURT:
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, you sure you're okay?
I mean, they said you could
come home in a couple days.
I mean, do we have to start
throwing out aspirins,
hiding razor blades, what?
Burt, Burt, please.
That's not something
I'm ever gonna do again.
Yeah, please. I hope not.
And I've also decided not to
have the sex-change operation.
DANNY:
Oh!
Wonderful. You lose a daughter,
you gain a suicidal sissy.
Hey, shut him up, will you?
Hey, go pitch a tent.
CHUCK [IN NORMAL VOICE]:
We're leaving. We're leaving.
Good, I hate it here.
With all these germs,
God knows what I caught.
If there's a God, maybe termites.
Jodie, I gotta take off.
I'll see you soon, all right?
All right, I'm coming down with you.
I'll see you at home, all right?
JODIE: Okay.
Mary, we'll be downstairs.
Mr. Gerber.
Mr. Campbell.
I'm sorry, Ma.
It's okay, as long as
you're all right.
It was a stupid thing to do.
You were upset.
That's no reason to take 45 pills.
Forty-five?
How did you do that?
You've never been able
to swallow pills.
You still break aspirin in half
because they're too big.
It was just a stupid thing to do.
Well, there's something
I always say.
In your life, you're entitled
to one really stupid thing.
Right?
I say five.
Five stupid things.
Oh. Well, I guess I say one
because I once did
a really, really stupid thing.
What?
Oh, I can't tell you.
Oh, come on, Ma.
No. It was the stupidest thing
I've ever done.
[CHUCKLING]
I can't tell you. No.
No, I can't. I'll tell you
about the time I...
[LAUGHING]
I can't tell you that either.
Um... Okay, I got it.
I'll tell you about when I once, uh...
I once...
[LAUGHING]
Oh, God, I can't tell you that.
That's the most awful.
Okay, I got it.
That's worse than all the others.
So that's four stupid things.
Is it?
Yeah.
Four stupid things that are
so stupid you can't tell us.
Well, I guess you're right.
We're entitled to five stupid things.
I told you, five. What do you think,
I made that up? That's a statistic.
So I guess you've got four more.
But please,
no more like this one.
Okay, I promise.
I'm stupid, but I'm not that stupid.
Okay.
Go to sleep.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay.
Good night, Mr. Gerber.
Good night.
Good night, Mrs. Campbell.
Well, she's...
She's all right, that lady.
Yep.
Her husband, uh...
He's a little nervous,
but he means well.
And your brother is a nice guy.
I just worry about him
tripping over his robe.
But that wooden fellow...
He's not related.
Well, I didn't think he was.
I mean, he's wood.
I don't know.
I don't know what the world
is coming to anymore
when a gay man, who was thinking
of becoming a woman
then decides on suicide,
turns out to be the most normal
member of the family.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, uh, hi, babe. What's up?
I should ask you that.
What are you talking about, Corinne?
I'm talking about walking
into the pro shop
and finding you
licking some woman's ear.
What are you, crazy?
That was Mrs. Carr.
I was, uh, giving her some pointers
for the tournament tomorrow.
I had to whisper,
in case her opponent walked in.
Oh, really? Is that a fact?
And two hours ago,
when you said you had a lesson
on Court 3, where were you?
I said Court 5.
You weren't on Court 5.
Did I say 5? It wasn't 5. It was 8.
Look, I saw the girl you gave
a lesson to in the locker room.
An hour's lesson in this heat,
and she wasn't sweating.
She was smiling.
I know. It's incredible.
The girl doesn't sweat.
Has never perspired in her life.
She was telling me about it.
It's a medical problem.
Very dangerous, actually,
because when she can't sweat,
she can't rid her body of toxins and
can poison herself to death. Poor thing.
Peter, I found hairpins in our bed.
I don't use hairpins.
I do.
You use hairpins?
Sure, when I run out of paper clips.
I found a pink headband.
Mine.
Pink.
Used to be red. Faded.
Look, Peter, I know what you were,
but if we're gonna live together,
you're gonna have to stop
fooling around with other women,
or I'll leave.
Honey, I'm not fooling around.
I'm a teacher.
I gotta get to know my students.
To teach them the inner game.
That's all it is.
Okay. Okay. But I've given up
a lot for you, Peter.
I've given up my home
and my family,
someone who's very important
to me.
So if you're lying to me
and I catch you,
I swear, Peter, I'll kill you.
Oh, Corinne, Corinne, Corinne.
[MOUTHING]
[♪♪♪]
Hi, Jess.
I hope you weren't worried
when I didn't come home last night.
I worked so late, I stayed in town.
Chester, I, uh, saw you yesterday.
Well, Jessica,
you see me every day.
I saw you eating lunch
and kissing Claire.
Eating lunch and kissing Claire?
I remember the eating.
I had the roast beef.
It was so tough, I had to send it back.
But I, uh, don't remember the kissing.
Wait. Yes, of course.
It was Claire's birthday
and she gave me a kiss
for taking her to lunch.
That's what it was.
No, Chester.
You were kissing her on the neck.
I wasn't kissing her on the neck,
Jessica. I was smelling her neck.
She wanted me to smell the perfume
she'd gotten as a present.
Please, Chester.
You had your face burrowed
so deep in her neck for so long,
I was surprised
you weren't asphyxiated.
That was to look
at the rash, Jessica.
The perfume she wanted me to smell
gave her a rash that
she wanted me to look at.
In fact, I sent her straight
to the dermatologist.
You know, Chester,
in all these years,
I've never believed the stories
that people told about you.
But now I...
Stories. Oh, Jessica.
Do you know why people
make up stories like that?
It's because they're jealous.
You see, they have so little
themselves that they can't
stand to see us happy. So...
Oh, enough. Chester, please.
Do you know how
that makes me feel, Chester?
Do you know?
To realise that my husband
has been carrying on with every...
Oh, fine, Jessica.
Go ahead. Believe filth.
How would you feel, Chester,
if you found out I had had an affair?
You?
[LAUGHING]
What is so funny?
Oh, well, I'm sorry, Jessica,
but I mean, I just don't think of you
as someone who has an affair,
that's all.
You and Julie Andrews.
Well, Chester, I had one.
Really? With whom?
That is not important, Chester.
I mean, really, the name is
not important.
Jessica, if you think that by telling me
about an affair you've never had
you're going to get me to admit
to affairs I've never had,
you're crazy.
It's true, Chester.
Oh, Jessica, you are funny.
Ha-ha-ha!
I'm not funny, Chester.
If there is one thing
I am not right now, it's funny.
So will you please stop laughing?
You were never here, Chester.
And I mean, when you were here,
somehow, you weren't really here.
Just like Fluffy.
What?
Well, you remember Fluffy,
the cat we had.
I mean, you know, she would eat
and she would wash herself
and then she'd just lay around,
you know?
And I don't believe once,
in all those years,
that she ever really looked
at any of us.
I mean, of course,
it was hard to tell.
With all that hair, you couldn't see
if her eyes were open.
Which was, of course,
why we called her Fluffy.
I mean, Chester,
that's why I had an affair.
Because of Fluffy?
Chester, it was short.
It wasn't very spectacular.
And it is over now,
but, you know, for a little while,
minutes maybe,
somebody was really there.
You had an affair?
You mean,
you slept with another man?
Well, I mean, Chester,
that's usually what an affair is.
How could you?
How could you do that to me?
How many people know
about this affair, Jessica?
How many people have you
bragged to about it?
I never bragged about it, Chester.
I mean, that isn't something
I exactly felt like bragging about.
I trusted you, Jessica.
All these years, I trusted you.
And you went out and had a cheap,
dirty, sordid little affair.
Well, Chester,
I don't think of it that way.
I mean I did think of it that way
for a while,
but I don't anymore.
I mean, I prefer to think of it as
something that happened.
Something that happened?
Chester, what I did was wrong,
and I am not trying to minimise it
by saying this,
but I mean, Chester,
what I did for a few weeks,
you made into a career.
What are you talking about?
Chester, surely you are not
going to go on denying...
I am.
You have never been unfaithful?
That's right. Never. I never have,
and I never would. Not once, not ever.
Because I, Jessica, believe
in the sanctity of our marriage.
Chester?
What?
Blow it out your ears.
Jessica.
You know what's really funny,
Chester?
I mean, this is the first time
in all these years
we've ever talked about anything
that really matters.
And you're not even
really talking, Chester.
I mean, please, let's be honest
with each other, for God's sake.
I mean, that's all we've got left to be.
Well, I have been honest, Jessica.
All right, Chester.
Where you going?
I don't know.
What do you mean, you don't know?
Just what I said.
Jessica. You can't just leave.
Just watch, Chester.
ANNOUNCER:
Now that Burt can,
will he and Mary
ever find the time?
Will Corinne really kill Peter
if she catches him fooling around?
Will Peter continue to fool around?
Will Corinne catch him?
Now that Danny's been
both an Arab and a Jew,
will he declare war on himself?
Will Jessica really walk out
on Chester?
Or will she call a cab?
These questions and many others
will be answered on
next week's episode of Soap.
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org